Test case creation strategy (#164)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: projects.mdx

---
title: Projects
description: "All about projects"
icon: "new"
---

> A project is a collection of test cases and test reports tied to a url, the test target. The URL is used as a base for every
> further action within the Octomind app and you can extend it for a specific path (e.g. /docs) as a start URL for a specific test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project is a collection of test cases and test reports tied to a website or webapp. The URL you define for it is used as a basis for generating test case steps. You can extend it to subpaths of your website during test case creation. While running test reports the URL is templates, this allows you to run your test cases against multiple deployments of the same application.
```
